h1. Perks

h2. What is Perks

Perks is a collection of modules used by the badgercraft network (http://www.mcbadgercraft.com). A module system is uses so that we can easily update/disable/maintain large segments and or features. Doing such in a single plugin can become difficult. The other advantage to using a modular based system is that modules can easily be updated at runtime, meaning a server restart is not needed to add features or fix issues.

h2. What modules exists

h3. bTransported

 * Handles /tp and /tphere
 * Handle teleport requests
 * Handles /spawn
 * Handles /warp
 * Handles /home
 * Supports teleporting of and too offline players

h3. bKits

* Handles /kit
* Supports Enchanting of items in kits
* Supports Renaming of items in kits
* Supports Custom lores of items in kits
* Has a per kit timeout, where by the kit can only be used every x minutes

h3. bInvested

* Handles /fly and /land commands
* Remembers fly state between sessions
* Handles /workbench command (opens a full workbench inventory without needing a workbench)
* Handles /ender command (opens a players enderchest without needing an enderchest)

h3. bTheBoss [Admin Module]

* Handles /clear command
* Handles /collect command (restores a cleared inventory)
* Handles /inventory command (allows a player to see another players inventory)
* Handles /speed command (allows a player to change their fly speed)
* Handles /vanish command (allows a player to become invisible)

h2. License

GNU GPL v2 - Please see LICENSE file for more information.